README.md, before:

# pass3d-pool
## Mining client for the pool Node
This stand alone application represents a client for the  [3DPass Node](https://github.com/3Dpass/3DP) running on the mining pool mode. The mining pool mode, while being turned on, enables the decentralized mining pool pallet, which will distribute mining block rewards directly among the mining pool's members and charge the mining pool fee that is set up by the pool's admin.

In order to prove of the miner's work there is an additional off-chain difficulty number being leveraged by the client app and verified on the pool Node's side. The additional difficulty is set up by the pool's admin. Every 10 sec the client app is requesting the pool Node for some necessary metadata, such as:

- Additional difficulty number
- Best block hash
- Parent block hash

The app receives 3D modes from miner (3D object generator being used for mining) through the `port 9833`. Once the object corresponding the additional difficulty found, it's being sent over to the pool Node the miner's account (address) is registered in. The pool Node is available by its `--url`.

There is a statistic report being saved by the pool Node every 20 blocks on the chain storage, which is available for everyone. Once the block is mined by the mining pool Node and accepted by the network, the block rewards are being distributed directly in proportion to the input hashrate provided by each miner in the pool. 

<img width="686" alt="pass3d-pool" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/107915078/223340542-41f6a37c-3647-4cd0-9bdd-e7fa571169e7.png">


## Build
```
cargo build --release
```
## Run
```
./target/release/pass3d-pool --algo grid2d_v3 --pool-id <POOL ADDRESS> --member-id <MINER'S ADDRESS> --url http://1.2.3.4:9933
```
### Parameters
```
./target/release/pass3d-pool --help
```
## Start mining
Install the miner which represents 3D object generator (you can use your own modified miner instead). Set up the `port 9833` for the objects to send and run the miner like this:
```
pnpm miner --interval 10 --port 9833
```

Commit message:

Links to the official node

README.md, after:

# pass3d-pool
## Mining client for the pool Node
This stand alone application represents a client for the  [3DPass Node](https://github.com/3Dpass/3DP) running on the mining pool mode. The mining pool mode, while being turned on, enables the decentralized mining pool pallet, which will distribute mining block rewards directly among the mining pool's members and charge the mining pool fee that is set up by the pool's admin.

In order to prove of the miner's work there is an additional off-chain difficulty number being leveraged by the client app and verified on the pool Node's side. The additional difficulty is set up by the pool's admin. Every 10 sec the client app is requesting the pool Node for some necessary metadata, such as:

- Additional difficulty number
- Best block hash
- Parent block hash

The app receives 3D modes from miner (3D object generator being used for mining) through the `port 9833`. Once the object corresponding the additional difficulty found, it's being sent over to the pool Node the miner's account (address) is registered in. The pool Node is available by its `--url`.

There is a statistic report being saved by the pool Node every 20 blocks on the chain storage, which is available for everyone. Once the block is mined by the mining pool Node and accepted by the network, the block rewards are being distributed directly in proportion to the input hashrate provided by each miner in the pool. 

<img width="686" alt="pass3d-pool" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/107915078/223340542-41f6a37c-3647-4cd0-9bdd-e7fa571169e7.png">


## Build
```
cargo build --release
```
## Run
```
./target/release/pass3d-pool --algo grid2d_v3 --pool-id <POOL ADDRESS> --member-id <MINER'S ADDRESS> --url http://1.2.3.4:9933
```
### Parameters
```
./target/release/pass3d-pool --help
```
## Start mining
Install the official miner according to [3DPass Node](https://github.com/3Dpass/3DP) tutorial. You can also use your own modified miner instead. Set up the `port 9833` for the objects to send and run the miner like this:
```
pnpm miner --interval 10 --port 9833
```
